Add all metrics docs (#1856)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/metrics/lcp/index.md

---
layout: post
title: Largest Contentful Paint (LCP)
authors:
  - philipwalton
date: 2019-08-08
updated: 2019-11-07
description: |
  This post introduces the Largest Contentful Paint (LCP) metric and explains
  how to measure it
tags:
  - performance
  - metrics
---

{% Aside %}
  Largest Contentful Paint (LCP) is an important, user-centric metric for
  measuring [perceived load speed](/user-centric-metrics/#types-of-metrics)
  because it marks the point in the page load timeline when the page's main
  content has likely loaded&mdash;a fast LCP helps reassure the user that the
  page is [useful](/user-centric-metric/#user-centric-metric-questions).
{% endAside %}

> 

Reviewer: Couldn't figure out how to comment in the appropriate line but it seems to me like the link in line 32 must be updated.

Author: Yeah, this has been fixed in a subsequent commit.

> Google, we've found that a more accurate way to measure when the main content

Reviewer: This is a bit misleading as it makes it sound like LCP is a metric approved by the WebPerf WG. It's not. Perhaps we should limit this to research done at Google, and say it's incubated under the WICG.

Author: This was the original language we bikeshedded with Ilya and Yoav when the original post was published, so I think I'll leave it for now. But I do think it's less relevant in the new format, so I assume we'll drop it eventually.

// leaves the tab.

> addEventListener('visibilitychange', function fn() {

Reviewer: Above, you can use startTime: `lcp = lastEntry.startTime;`

Author: Yeah, this is a bit weird (and others have commented on it too), but I do want to emphasize that both are available. I think it's worth reworking the example in a subsequent PR.

  if (lcp && document.visibilityState === 'hidden') {

>     console.log('LCP:', lcp);

Reviewer: Is there a way for this API to detect the 'initial' state? It seems this would still report if the page is backgrounded from the start (listener won't trigger) - then foregrounded, bad LCP captured, then backgrounded.

Author: This won't trigger if the state changes from `hidden` to `visible`. So it should be fine with that case.

    removeEventListener('visibilitychange', fn, true);
  }
}, true);
```

Note, this example waits to log LCP until the page's [lifecycle
state](https://developers.google.com/web/updates/2018/07/page-lifecycle-api)

> changes to hidden. This is way of ensuring it only log the latest entry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
changes to hidden. This is a way of ensuring that it only logs the latest entry.
```

Author: Thanks! Updated.
